so Ren was actually watching the whole
time apparently
what a stalker
y ou beats Oh No okay you guys what is
up is your main man tochi al-karim you
guys my very own naruto manga chapter 6
under a 7 review now as you guys know I
actually got a strike to my channel
recently and because of that I can't do
live stream so because of that actually
went to my secondary channel i did my
live reaction for this chapter there so
if you want to go check out the live
reaction there'll be an annotation right
here you can go click on it right there
right there you see it go do it now but
despite all that obito actually died
today i really didn't see that coming
like seriously i know we saw him get
stabbed and everything but i just had
this notion that obito would somehow get
forgiven and reese assimilate himself
back into the society obviously that
didn't happen though now i know a lot of
people are gonna go motional over the
shopper but the main thing that got me
for this chapter were two things number
one like zetsu black zetsu dude putting
obito a blasty like it was ridiculous
dude like he was calling him an insect
and a cockroach that scum it was like
there was no end to the insults to Obito
from black zetsu he was just going ham
on him it was ridiculous I was like damn
not gonna go ham on you or mess with you
cuz you know how to insult someone and
when I heard those insults are me I'll
just lame-o like seriously black zetsu
turned down do that was little too much
bro though our nose thing some of the
things you were saying we're trained but
it was like you didn't need to say it
out loud you know this is one of those
things you say behind someone's back you
know number two now the second thing
that got me was the way that obito died
he straight turned into ash ash ash
people he crumbled and then all we saw
of them on the floor was the pile of ash
people ash whoa now usually I get really
really mad from kishi rehashing you know
flashbacks but in this situation when I
first read it out I kind of got irked
granted i got you i use
to do when we see like you know
flashbacks for Naruto because usually
they're just things we've already seen
but for this one it was actually some
pretty well placed flashbacks he granted
that we all know obito was going to die
or you know we had that inkling that he
was going to die the place thing of
those flashbacks were actually kind of
appropriate I read a chapter two uh
three more chalk and three more time and
when I saw the cha the flashbacks on the
way that they were implemented into the
chapter I kinda was like you know okay
kishi yeah this is actually kind of
acceptable we've had obito's um you know
messing up the story but you know you
gotta give the guy respectable death you
know doing kakashi he actually said
something when i was just like whoa
Kakashi that's that's dangerous
territory you tried nandi Kakashi fan
boys will be hurt he basically admitted
that he was useless useless I know the
first step to progression is to admit
your faults but like whoa bro that's a
pretty bad faulty now basically how I
see things Kakashi and Sakura are
basically gonna be useless right now
they can't really do anything anymore
cuz you know Kakashi I originally
thought that you know if obito was going
to die obito was going to give Kakashi
his to Sharingan I basically thought
that you know he would get both
Sharingan even though it's going to be a
great toll on his body and because maybe
how broma or son's DNA he would be able
to sustain the toll that you would
usually take on his body in the ashes of
obito we don't see any Sharingan zone
the eyes there so I'm assuming that
Kakashi is gonna have to live now for
the rest of life without any sharingan
and actually having to implement his
1,000 fame jutsus right where they at
Kakashi but yeah overall it was actually
a kind of sad chapter you know like i
know i've always wanted obito to die
never really liked a character but like
the way he went out was actually pretty
sad man especially when you have black
zetsu they're just laying down the smack
down in reality on him saying he was a
failed person and a failed individuals
so he's he should just die right and
like I said brain is always watching
what are you doing dude I'm sorry Sasuke
I didn't really care about all that is
you see Sasuke he was just like all
right I actually gotta fight the villain
so but yeah tell me what you guys
thought about this chapter I'm curious
as to what's gonna go down for next
chapter and with the kages a person
mentioned what is not so going to do
like is his arms gonna come back because
ever since moderate did him dirty I took
his arms out like he's arms didn't come
back and we didn't scene with his arms
back in the latest chapter or the
previous chapter with Naruto also Naruto
you mad bro when I got a rebuff kanye's
online it was black said she's fall wait
wasn't like that you know I'll never
mind then you goodnight oh but what do
you guys think is gonna go down there
what do you think Hager was gonna bring
to the table in terms of defeating Kavya
comment down below let me know as you
guys know we should have liked the video
if you guys like the reviews like I said
the live streams are gonna be happening
on my toe chciala card live account so
be sure to click on this annotation
right here to go check out that account
and subscribe i'll see you guys later
peace and have a nice day morning
evening night whatever time you're
watching this piece
you